improve readme (#43)
Platform-OS/pos-module-user: README.md

pos-cli deploy <env>
```

> 5. Overwrite default views that you would like to customize by following the guide on [overwriting a module file](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/modules/modules#overwritting-a-module-file). This allows you to add functionality based on your project requirements, such as extending the registration form with additional fields. At minimum, you would like to overwrite the [permission file](modules/user/public/lib/queries/role_permissions/permissions.liquid), in which you will configure [#rbac-authorization](roles permission for your application):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Overwrite default views that you would like to customize by following the guide on [overwriting a module file](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/modules/modules#overwritting-a-module-file). This allows you to add functionality based on your project requirements, such as extending the registration form with additional fields. At a minimum, you should overwrite the [permissions file](modules/user/public/lib/queries/role_permissions/permissions.liquid), where you will configure [RBAC authorization](#rbac-authorization) roles and permissions for your application:
```

```
mkdir -p app/modules/user/public/lib/queries/role_permissions
cp modules/user/public/lib/queries/role_permissions/permissions.liquid app/modules/user/public/lib/queries/role_permissions/permissions.liquid
```

> 6. Create [superadmin](#superadmin) using  [GraphQL Explorer](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/pos-cli/developing-graphql-queries-using-pos-cli-gui)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Create a [superadmin](#superadmin) using the [GraphQL Explorer](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/pos-cli/developing-graphql-queries-using-pos-cli-gui).
```

> * To create a new user, use [user_create](https://documentation.platformos.com/api-reference/graphql/data/mutations/user-create) mutation.The query to create a user with email `admin@example.com` and password `password` with `superadmin` role would look as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To create a new user, use the [user_create](https://documentation.platformos.com/api-reference/graphql/data/mutations/user-create) mutation. The query to create a user with the email `admin@example.com` and password `password`, assigned the `superadmin` role, would look as follows:
```

```
mutation user_create {
  user: user_create(user: { 
    email: "admin@example.com", 
    password: "password", 
    properties: [{ name: "roles", value_array: ["superadmin"] }] 
  }) {
      id
      email
      roles: property_array(name: "roles")
    }
  }
```

> * To promote existing user to superadmin, use [user_update](https://documentation.platformos.com/api-reference/graphql/data/mutations/user-update) mutation. To promote user with id `1` (you can check your users ID using `pos-cli gui serve` -> Users), use the following query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To promote an existing user to superadmin, use the [user_update](https://documentation.platformos.com/api-reference/graphql/data/mutations/user-update) mutation. The following mutation demonstrates promoting the user with ID `1`. To check the ID of any user, use `pos-cli gui serve`, then visit [Users](http://localhost:3333/users) or query the `users` GraphQL endpoint.
```

Once the module is installed and you have completed the [setup](#setup), you will immediately gain access to the new endpoints created by this module. For example, you can navigate to `/users/new` for the registration form or `/sessions/new` for the login form. This section describes all the functionalities provided by this module and includes a roadmap for potential future enhancements.

> To provide your own html (for example for styling purposes), you can leverage the fact that all of the endpoints leverage [theme_render_rc](https://documentation.platformos.com/api-reference/liquid/platformos-tags#theme-render-rc) Liquid Tag, which means you can easily provide your own html for each endpoint by creating a partial in the `app` directory, for example `app/views/partials/users/new.liquid` for the registration endpoint. Refer to the Endpoints section for each functionality to see which partial to create for which endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide your own HTML (for example, for styling purposes), you can leverage the fact that all of the endpoints use the [theme_render_rc](https://documentation.platformos.com/api-reference/liquid/platformos-tags#theme-render-rc) Liquid tag. This means you can easily provide your own HTML for each endpoint by creating a partial in the `app` directory. For example, you can create `app/views/partials/users/new.liquid` for the registration endpoint. Refer to the Endpoints section for each functionality to see which partial to create for which endpoint.
```

Reviewer: Where is the Endpoints section, in which doc? Please provide a link for the user.

The table below outlines the [resourceful routes](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/modules/platformos-modules#resourceful-route-naming-convention) provided for registration functionality:

> | HTTP method   | slug  | page file path |  description | partial rendering html |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HTTP method   | slug  | page file path |  description | partial rendering HTML |
```

The following table outlines the [resourceful routes](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/modules/platformos-modules#resourceful-route-naming-convention) for sign-in and sign-out functionality:

> | HTTP method   | slug  | page file path |  description | partial rendering html |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HTTP method   | slug  | page file path |  description | partial rendering HTML |
```

The table below contains the [resourceful routes](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/modules/platformos-modules#resourceful-route-naming-convention) provided for the reset password functionality, ordered based on the flow. The process begins with `GET /passwords/reset` and ends at `POST /passwords/create`, which updates the password and redirects the user to the sign-in page.

> | HTTP method   | slug  | page file path |  description | partial rendering html |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HTTP method   | slug  | page file path |  description | partial rendering HTML |
```
